I'm going to be real with you. I've
spent the last 11 years learning how to
trade and in crypto the last eight nine
years learning how to trade and I'm
still learning all the time. But I am
limited in my knowledge, in my
understanding. I can only read so many
books like the ones that are behind me
and even then I'm not going to pick up
on every little thing that's there. And
this is why this is such a massive
gamecher.
Open claw is literally insane. I
installed openclaw. I got a MacBook or
rather a Mac Mini last Thursday almost
actually no six days ago and the number
of things that I have built with this
off of the data to improve my trading to
improve my charting to like it is insane
you guys. I know a lot of you are
watching these videos like okay man I
understand like yeah yeah yeah I am
serious. Open Claw is literally changing
everything. I understand that there's
security vulnerabilities. I understand
that there's a lot of risk in this. I am
not necessarily saying you have to get
this, you have to get a Mac Mini. But I
want to share with you how I am using
Open Claw to totally revolutionize
my trading strategies, back testing,
paper trading,
looking for alpha, looking for edges,
all of that here in this video on Coin
Bureau Trading. What's up? My name is
Aaron Disher from the Better Traders.
You're watching Coinb Trading. Smash the
subscribe button. Like the video. This
is going to get into it. All right, here
we go. So, the first thing you have to
know, Open Claw is an open-source AI
model that lives on your desktop.
Ideally, you want to be running this on
a computer that is not your personal
computer. You want to set up security.
You want to set up guardrails. You want
to set up a lot of stuff. I'm not going
to talk about how to do that, but what I
am going to show you is something that
this thing literally spun up for me
yesterday. Now, I'm really excited about
how this is going to develop. And I want
you to understand that I just told it a
couple of things. I'm going to share
with you what I did, but basically, it's
built for me a dashboard, and it's
continuing to grow. What this is is it's
taking advantage of a market that I
think too many of us have. Well, maybe
it's just me. I've just been sleeping on
it and it is the most brilliant market
and I am shocked that it's taken me this
long.
I am not necessarily saying you have to
sign up for Poly Market or call sheet or
whatever, but I need you to understand
something that literally hit me and this
is before I was using Open Claw. When we
look at charts like this for BTC, we
recognize that crypto is in a 4-year
cycle. There are great times to buy
crypto. They're also not so great times
to buy crypto. Again, if you guys have
been watching my videos, you know where
I think BTC is headed. For all of you
that have been watching my videos and
staying subscribed and paying attention,
you already know that the first two
support levels have been taken out. You
already know where I think BTC is headed
next. Our next target is actually
$49,000.
So, can you trade crypto right now? Yes,
you can. But there's actually another
market that you can be trading that is
not dependent on market cycles
whatsoever.
And I know this is a little bit of a
left field concept for a lot of you and
for me as well because I've heard about
Poly Market. I've heard about Kshi. I've
heard about all these people making
crazy crazy tons of money
and I've seen lots of exposts about this
as well. Some of them are gimmicks, some
of them are clickbait, but I've stumbled
onto a couple that literally blew my
mind to the point where when I started
learning about Open Claw and again
installing it, using it to analyze
markets, putting my TBO indicator into
it, putting other indicators, back
testing strategies, and all this stuff,
I started to scratch my head and think,
wait, how hard would it be to find some
successful wallets over here on Poly
Market and figure out and reverse
engineer what are they doing, how are
they making money and how are they so
successful and the reality is that some
of these markets are disgustingly
disgustingly good. I need to just show
you. Okay,
now this is just one one user. Okay, now
there's a lot of different strategies
that you can use with this. I I mostly
just want to show you this. Some of
these wallets are and this one's
actually gone up since I last looked at
it, which is disgusting. Many of these
wallets or these accounts started with
basically nothing, less than $100, and
they consistently basically found an
edge where you continually see the
profit and loss absolutely explode. And
the best part about it is that these
things are very very very much niche
markets. I would not be surprised even
if this specific one, this specific
account which is like RN1 has other
wallets that are running. So, this
brings me to what I am doing, how I'm
using
Open Claw and how I'm using Poly Market
to explore different markets. So, that
way I don't really have to lean on
crypto, but I can also benefit from
crypto, too.
Before I get into it, in the description
down below, I need you guys to check out
what we got. Sign up for TUIT if you are
wanting to trade on crypto exchanges.
They're the best non-KYC requiring
exchange. They actually have a much
bigger bonus. It's not 9K. It's actually
up to $15,000. And the best thing about
being nonKyC is that you can withdraw up
to like $50,000 a day. Because the
market is so bearish, this is a great
time to be shorting the market,
especially if you're watching my videos
and you're paying attention to the stuff
I'm sharing. It's literally all playing
out. Everything that I've been warning
you guys about is literally playing out
right now as we speak or as I film this
video and we continue to plunge lower.
Okay. So, I need you to understand that
you can use a lot of the insights that
you're getting from this channel with
Tubbit. Okay. Um, other things to check
out on the Coinbe website, again, it's
in the description down here for the
hottest deals in crypto. Go there, click
on deals, check out the Coinbeard Club.
This is where Dan, my co-host on this
channel. Jordan, I believe, is also
posting on there, too. I could be wrong.
And then also Guy and Nick on the main
channel are posting. You guys know the
spiel. I say it every single time. There
are other exchange partners to check
out, as well as a 10% off discount to
our course, 15 minutes to financial
freedom, which I am so glad I h I have
it on my calendar to start refilming
this course this quarter. Now that open
claw is here, I am so glad I haven't
started because I would have to redo so
much. I am so op like I'm the most
optimistic I've been about anything.
Like when I got into crypto back in
2017, this is what it feels like. When I
got into investing and understanding the
possibilities, this is what it feels
like. I'm sure this is what it felt like
for people when they finally had access
to the internet. Like it's insane. Wait,
that was my generation. I remember
having dial up. I remember AOL. Goodbye.
All right, let's let's keep going into
my strategies. Okay, [gasps]
now a couple of these are proprietary,
meaning that these are using my
indicators. You'll note over here on
Trading View, I have two indicators
right here. The TBO, which is this
really cool cloud called the trending
breakout indicator. It's fantastic for
recognizing trending markets like this.
And then there's TBO, sorry, TBT
divergence, which is great at
identifying well bullish divergences or
bearish divergences, looking for those
pullbacks. Okay, now here's where things
get really interesting in terms of
polyarket and strategies.
There are multiple crypto markets that
you can explore actually on Poly Market.
Let me show them to you. If you go here
to crypto, they're actually timebased
markets. Now this is almost the same
very very loosely going to say almost
the same as doing options but
essentially it's a very very tight
window right it's basically every single
15 minutes there is some sort of Bitcoin
up or down resolution and you can
basically
buy shares to go up or to go down all
that fun stuff and these are always
resolving automatically resolving over
and over so this one literally just
resolved and now it's switched
in a second.
Yes. No, it's finally switched. Okay, so
this thing is insane
because these markets are constantly
24/7, you know, just like crypto. So,
yes, you could still trade crypto, but
you could also do other financial
markets as well. There's stocks, there's
indices, there's commodities, you can do
a bunch of stuff like this. And this is
where it gets really really interesting
because you can still use trading
strategies that you would be using over
here on Trading View with indicators but
putting it or rather superimposing it
here on Poly Market. So going back to
the strategies that I'm using right now,
I have two my TBT divergence and I'm
running it on a 15minute time frame to
basically identify
um these moments where the price is not
lining up with the divergence. So, I'm
basically it's like a contrarian trade
essentially. The TBO I'm running on the
4hour time frame. This is basically
using uh an advanced moving average
strategy. So, again, trend following on
the 4hour time frame. I had some great
stats over here, but as I'm working with
the bot and I'm trying to get things
looking better, I had to wipe the stats
because it was messing with things. I'm
going to talk to you in a minute about
the reality of using OpenClaw as well.
Um, I also have another one that's a uh
a late entry strategy which doesn't
necessarily require any indicators. It's
basically just like we looked at over
here for for crypto in the 15-minute
that just ended and within the last 3 or
4 minutes looking at the trend and
making a decision based off of that. Oh,
okay. Well, it seems like the favorite
right now is for it to close down. So,
entering late, it's literally that
simple. Or this one. This is an
interesting strategy where this is
counter trend trading against AI like
basically what I'm doing. I'm running
bots right now and many of the bots are
running basically cron jobs or agents
that are basically crawling the internet
to look for news to look for edges to
look for anything. And one thing that's
really interesting about AI is that the
power is all in how you use it. The
brain's there and you could tell it make
me money. Okay, it's going to look up
and it's going to review what everyone
else is using to make money. But in
reality, you should be thinking, how can
I use this incredible gigabrain that's
on 24/7 365 to extract value and look
for hidden edges that no one else has
discovered yet. Now, admittedly, almost
all of these are edges that everyone has
already shared, but the crazy thing is
that because I'm able to use this with
my own trading strategy, my own trading
thesis, my my experience trading crypto,
I can also go back and forth with this
with my own indicators as well. The
mention markets is awesome because
basically this is betting on political
markets. Is Donald Trump going to say
nerd? Um, is JD Vance going to say turd
in this speech? Stuff like that. So,
learning about people's characteristics,
their mannerisms, what is the most
likely thing to happen during an
interview, all that kind of stuff, but
you not having to do the work, you just
assigning an agent to start
understanding the mannerisms, the
sayings that people have, what they're
talking about, what they keep talking
about a lot right now. So, the
likelihood of them saying Trump
mentioning Greenland is pretty high,
right? or mentioning the word tariff
maybe not so high right now. So there
are lots of interesting ways that you
can use this and the cool thing about
these guys right here. Okay, so these
are all price based ones but right here
these two are independent of the price.
Bitcoins dumping it doesn't matter with
this because we're just looking to
counter trade the AI crowd. We're
learning or teaching our bot or our
strategy or our agent. How do you
recognize patterns in people's speech
actions? What do you think's going to
happen next? Stuff like that. Then we
get into some really interesting stuff.
I want to have this organized. Actually,
I want to be able to click and drag
this, but not yet. Soon. And again, I'm
not kidding. This my my open cloth spun
this up overnight. [laughter]
It's crazy. So, I also have a market
maker bot. I've also learned more about
how marketmaking works and the reality
that you do need some sort of algorithm.
There's a lot that goes into this.
There's some crazy crazy math. But
again, the crazy math, the research, the
web hooks, the APIs, Open Claw is taking
care of all of that. I'm just providing
information saying, "Well, this is how
marketmaking works. This is how I'm
aware it works. These are some resources
I found. What do you think? How could we
apply this to Poly Market or even to two
bit or whatever, right? Even I mean
there's still so many other strategies
that I'm dying to have this thing go
tackle and then to identify which one's
performing the best and then tweaking,
optimizing, like all that crazy stuff.
Um there's also another strategy to to
kind of share with you guys that I've
learned about is an arbitrage strategy
and buy when both sides basically up and
down is basically
uh it's going to be less than a dollar.
So, you're basically putting in an
arbitrage arbitrage trade. You're
actually b making a no- lose bet. So,
you're it's a win-win bet, whatever. No
lose bet. You get the idea. The last
one, which is running right now, is
basically it's a sports scanner looking
for these really weird obscure markets,
low volume. And right now, the P&L, this
is unrealized P&L because these are
still active, but it's all stuff that I
don't really know about. I don't really
follow any of these sports. I don't
really care about e-game or esports,
whatever. But the funny thing is that
again, I have an agent that's spun up
that's looking into this stuff, that's
researching, that's looking at the odds,
that's weighing it, that's doing all the
fun stuff. It is insane.
I am not saying jump ship from crypto,
although crypto is jumping ship without.
I do I do foresee Bitcoin going much
lower this year. If you guys have been
paying attention, you know where I think
things are headed next. Again, the next
support is $49,000 in my opinion. But
the amazing thing about OpenClaw is that
there are so many other strategies and
I've literally just picked one Poly
Market. I haven't even gotten to the
point well that I'm ready to share with
you yet how I am using Poly Market. I'm
sorry. Open claw to improve my trading
to pull price information to basically
use or basically build my own my own
crypto scanner to I automatically
identify great trade setups for long for
short for any strategy that I want. Like
guys,
this is literally like the biggest
inflection point in our history. And I
know that open claw might be a little
bit flawed. I know some people are super
against AI. I know some people don't
believe it. Um, and I need to talk to
you about the reality of setting this
thing up. I set I got my Mac Mini on
Thursday. And when I initially set it
up, it was a huge pain. It was so
frustrating, so frustrating, so
timeconuming, so much trial and error
over the first day or so. When I finally
got it connected, that was when the
magic happened. So, if you are going to
get into using Open Claw, the first
thing I can suggest to you is that
before you click the buy button for your
Mac Mini or whatever service you're
going to use, start writing everything
that you like to do that you're
interested in, your history, your
experience trading, what you like
trading or investing in, all that stuff.
Just write it down. The best thing about
this is that everything that I'm doing
right now is on my Mac Mini. I know what
a lot of you are going to be like, "No,
it's not. It's in the cloud. It's it's
publicly available."
just just chill. Chill, daddy, please.
Um, so I would strongly suggest that you
just do a massive brain dump about
everything that you're interested in,
everything that you like doing, your
goals, your aspirations, like if finding
inspirational accounts, all this stuff,
anything that you can possibly think of
to feed it, to give it an idea of how it
can work for you 24/7.
The next thing you're want going to do
is set up regular cron jobs. You don't
actually have to say the word cron job,
but basically these are scheduled system
events, okay? They're programs that are
going to be running at specific times.
For instance, I have cron jobs to give
me a market update at 9:00 a.m., I
believe. Uh, scraping all the comments
from my YouTube videos to tell me what's
the most requested stuff. I have other
crazy stuff that I can't tell you about
yet. But the idea behind this is to also
set up a recurring job for security
audit. You want to make sure that the
bot is being proactive in protecting you
to protecting your data, all that fun
stuff. You're going to want to pay for
things. I know it doesn't sound that
fun, but this is an investment. Now, if
you're just like a soloreneur,
it's going to sting up front. You might
want to consider setting up an LLC. So
that way, if this is something that you
think could actually help you make more
money, you want to consider this to be
an employee, a research assistant,
whatever you want to call it, and all
those expenses can be written off.
That's what I'm doing. If you're just
doing this for a hobby, you're yeah,
you're it's just going to be coming out
of pocket, which is okay. But there are
intelligent ways to do this. And again,
you can get some good opinions just by
asking Claude or asking chat GBT. Okay.
The other thing you have to know about
setting up these cron jobs is that you
want to tell your open claw assistant
that you are a supervisor, a high
output, high satisfaction, uh proactive,
uh innovative supervisor. And you have
an infinite number of agents. Careful
that word infinite, but you have agents
that are ready and willing and excited
to work with you. And your job as a
supervisor is to create a workflow to
assign tasks to agents. So that way
you're working on things with me. And
then you have agents running all these
side jobs on the side. Whether it's
crypto AI market analysis, identifying
the trend of the market, doing regular
updates on pulling price action, doing
deep dive analysis on new coins, new
listings, all that fun stuff, looking at
gold, looking at all these other markets
that you're not available or are not
familiar with, I guess you could say,
but use agents as much as possible.
Now, the reality of this, I'm going to
tell you, too, is that there's so much
back and forth that you're still going
to have to do. It's not like I just told
it over here, all right, I want you to
make me a dashboard. Cool. And I want
you just to come up with some ideas on
uh these poly market strategies. It it's
not really going to come up with much.
You really do have to think in advance.
Okay, what are you doing right now
that's successful? What what do you want
to do that's more successful? Who is
successful right now? Or who is having
success in whatever field that you're
interested in? And then you ask open
claw, okay, study their success, study
their patterns, study the wallet
address, here's their here's their
address like this one. This is honestly
one of the best things you can do over
here. Copy the bleeping address. That's
all you have to do. Cuz once you copy
the address, then you share it with your
bot and then the bot has all the
information there. It can study the
patterns. It can identify patterns. It
can look for the strategy or the edge
that being used. It may not be able to
copy trade per se, but that's not the
point. The point isn't to find these
amazingly profitable poly market
accounts or even trading accounts and
copy them. The point the point, this is
the big deal right here, is that you
want to use AI to identify an edge. Now,
edges will not come out of thin air.
Even the ones that I have are still a
little bit weak because I'm basing it
off of things that I've learned about
along the way. But here's the thing. If
you can give your bot a task to do and
then regularly review the data with it
to say, okay, what have you noticed
about this? How is this working? And
over time, you're going to be talking to
the bot more and more. And then you can
say, all right, we've talked about a
lot. How can you incorporate these new
concepts or these new ideas into what's
already working? How can you improve the
workflow? How can you improve the
profitability, the win rate, uh reduce
the draw down, all that stuff, and the
bot will figure it out. like it's not
foolproof but you do have to be in this
position of okay I really have to think
differently in in explaining concepts
explaining goals all that stuff you
really have to take some time to think
about it you can't just say make money
now like it's not really going to work
that way [sighs and gasps]
so I know this is a massive like rant in
a way and I know that there's still
security things that I have to be aware
of and I'm fully taking the
responsibility of that. Trust me, that's
why a lot of those accounts, if not all
them right now, I'm just paper trading
right now just to see how things are
going. And I'll keep you guys updated.
But I think that the promise is just so
massive for what's possible to achieve
with an AI assistant like Open Claw.
It's going to take you time to set it
up. For me, 100% worth it. already
seeing massive returns in productivity,
in ideas, in all these ideas I've had in
the back of my brain of things that I've
wanted to do in the past with what
whether it's analysis or building stuff
or like and it's still going.
So, [snorts]
I really want to know what you think
about this video and if you guys want me
to continue sharing updates about how
I'm using Open Claw to hack the Matrix
or whatever, leave a comment down below.
Before you go, it is really important
that you know where BTC is headed this
year. And I've been giving you guys
plenty of warnings since October, I
believe, of 2025. Watch this video to
get caught up. Until the next time, you
know what to do. Stay awesome and stay
in the green. Peace.